content/en/links.md, before:

---
title: Links
description: ''
position: 180
category: MD2HTML App
---
The usage of `links` allows us to connect text inside and across sections, as well as to external resources.

## Basics Links
* This is how a `link` is displayed:
[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)

* This is how a `link` is written in markdown:
```md
[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)
```
* To create a `link` written in markdown that opens in a new tab or window:

[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)<base target="_blank">

* Additional link styles include:

```md
[I'm an inline-style link](https://www.omaspecworks.org/)
```

or

```md
[I'm an inline-style link with a title](https://www.omaspecworks.org/ "OMA Homepage")
```

* URLs and URLs in angle brackets will automatically be converted to links e.g.

https://www.omaspecworks.org/

## Extended Links
* [To Sections](#to-sections)
* [To Figures](#to-figures)
* [To Tables](#to-tables)
* [Further Links](#external-links)

## To Sections
**DO's**
* For links to sections and subsections from the body of the text, use:

```md
    [Section Title]()
```
* This is how it is rendered in the document:

    [Section Title]()


* The square brackets enclose the section title, immediately followed by empty round brackets e.g.

```md
    [Device Management & Service Enablement Interface]()
```
* This is how it is displayed in the document:

    [Device Management & Service Enablement Interface]()


* The text between the square brackets must exactly match the text of the section/subsection title.
* The links will not work correctly in the browser when checking the GitHub application. However, the links will function correctly when HTML generated by the MD2HTML tool is viewed in a browser.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the section/subsection number.
* Don't include the word `Appendix` for links to the appendices.
* Don't use this construct for links to a section or subsection within an HTML table.
* Don't use symbols such as`<` or `>`, instead use: `"&lt;"` or `"&gt;"`. 

For example:

     `&lt;PROPERTIES&gt;` 
     
to represent `<PROPERTIES>`

### To Section From Within a Table

**DOs**

* For links to sections and subsections from within the `HTML` table, use the `HTML` anchor tag:

```html
<a href="">Section Title</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

<a href="">Section Title</a>

* The text must exactly match the text of the section/subsection title.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the section/subsection number.
* Don't include the word `Appendix` for links to the appendices.
* Don't use this construct for links to a section or subsection in the body of the text.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly when the `MD2HTML` application generates the `HTML` and `PDF` versions.

## To Figures

**DOs**

* For links to figures from the body of the text, use:

```md
[Figure Figure-Title]()
```

* This is how it is displayed in the document:

    [Figure Figure-Title]()

* Prefix the word Figure to the `Figure-Title`.
* `Figure-Title` = title contained in `<figcaption>`.

* The square brackets enclose the text `Figure` followed by the title; then there are empty round brackets e.g.

```md
[Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()
```
* This is how it is displayed:

    [Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()

* The `Figure-Title` text between the square brackets must match the figure title's text.

**DON'Ts**
* Don't include the figure identifier number.
* Don't use this construct for links to a figure within an `HTML` table.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly when rendered in `HTML` and `PDF`.
* Don't use the word `figure` outside of the parenthesis. Otherwise, the term `figure` will appear duplicated.

For example:

```md
~~figure~~ [Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()
```

~~figure~~ [Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()

### To Figure From Within a Table

**DOs**

* For links to figures from within an `HTML` table use the `HTML` anchor tag:

For example:

```html
<a href="">Figure Figure-Title</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Figure Figure-Title</a>

* Prefix the word `Figure` to the `Figure-Title`.
* `Figure-Title` is the text enclosed by `<figcaption>` tags.

For example:

```html
<a href="">Figure Client Registration Interface example flows</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Figure Client Registration Interface example flows</a>

* The `Figure-Title` text must match the figure title's text.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the figure number.
* Don't use this construct for links to a figure in the body of the text.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly in the `HTML` and `PDF` versions.
* Make sure that the word `figure` is not duplicated by adding it inside and outside the anchor.


## To Tables

**DO's**

* For links to a table from the body of the text, use:

```md
[Table-Title]()
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    [Table-Title]()

* Prefix the word `Table`
* `Table-Title` is the text enclosed by `<caption>` tags


* The square brackets enclose the word `Table` followed by the `Table-Title`; then there are empty round brackets, e.g.:

```md
[Table Operation to Method and URI Mapping (Registration Interface)]()
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    [Table Operation to Method and URI Mapping (Registration Interface)]()

* The title text between the square brackets must match the table title's text.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the table identifier number.
* Don't use this construct for links to a table within an `HTML` table.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly in the `HTML` and `PDF` versions. 
* The title of the table will contain the word `Table`; make sure it is not duplicated that word.

### To Table From Within Another Table

**DO's**

* For links to tables from within other `HTML` tables, use the `HTML` anchor tag:

```html
<a href="">Table Table-Title</a>
```
* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Table Table-Title</a>

* Prefix the world `Table` in front of `Table-Title`.
* `Table-Title` is the text between the `<caption>` tags.

For example:

```html
<a href="">Table Object Version usage rules</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Table Object Version usage rules</a>

* The `Table-Title` text must match the table title's text.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the table identifier.
* Don't use this construct for links to a table from the body of the text.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly in the `HTML` and `PDF` versions.
* The title already contains the word  `Table`. So that you know, you don't need to duplicate it outside the anchor.

## To External Links
* For additional link types from within `HTML` tables, use the `HTML` anchor tag:

```html
<a href="http://www.openmobilealliance.org/">URL</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

<a href="http://www.openmobilealliance.org/">URL</a>

Commit message:

update example for opening link in a new window

content/en/links.md, after:

---
title: Links
description: ''
position: 180
category: MD2HTML App
---
The usage of `links` allows us to connect text inside and across sections, as well as to external resources.

## Basics Links
* This is how a `link` is displayed:
[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)

* This is how a `link` is written in markdown:
```md
[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)
```
* To create a `link` written in markdown that opens in a new tab or window:

[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)<base target="_blank">

* This is how a `link` is written in markdown:
```md
[Markdown Guide](https://www.markdownguide.org)<base target="_blank">
```

* Additional link styles include:

```md
[I'm an inline-style link](https://www.omaspecworks.org/)
```

or

```md
[I'm an inline-style link with a title](https://www.omaspecworks.org/ "OMA Homepage")
```

* URLs and URLs in angle brackets will automatically be converted to links e.g.

https://www.omaspecworks.org/

## Extended Links
* [To Sections](#to-sections)
* [To Figures](#to-figures)
* [To Tables](#to-tables)
* [Further Links](#external-links)

## To Sections
**DO's**
* For links to sections and subsections from the body of the text, use:

```md
    [Section Title]()
```
* This is how it is rendered in the document:

    [Section Title]()


* The square brackets enclose the section title, immediately followed by empty round brackets e.g.

```md
    [Device Management & Service Enablement Interface]()
```
* This is how it is displayed in the document:

    [Device Management & Service Enablement Interface]()


* The text between the square brackets must exactly match the text of the section/subsection title.
* The links will not work correctly in the browser when checking the GitHub application. However, the links will function correctly when HTML generated by the MD2HTML tool is viewed in a browser.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the section/subsection number.
* Don't include the word `Appendix` for links to the appendices.
* Don't use this construct for links to a section or subsection within an HTML table.
* Don't use symbols such as`<` or `>`, instead use: `"&lt;"` or `"&gt;"`. 

For example:

     `&lt;PROPERTIES&gt;` 
     
to represent `<PROPERTIES>`

### To Section From Within a Table

**DOs**

* For links to sections and subsections from within the `HTML` table, use the `HTML` anchor tag:

```html
<a href="">Section Title</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

<a href="">Section Title</a>

* The text must exactly match the text of the section/subsection title.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the section/subsection number.
* Don't include the word `Appendix` for links to the appendices.
* Don't use this construct for links to a section or subsection in the body of the text.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly when the `MD2HTML` application generates the `HTML` and `PDF` versions.

## To Figures

**DOs**

* For links to figures from the body of the text, use:

```md
[Figure Figure-Title]()
```

* This is how it is displayed in the document:

    [Figure Figure-Title]()

* Prefix the word Figure to the `Figure-Title`.
* `Figure-Title` = title contained in `<figcaption>`.

* The square brackets enclose the text `Figure` followed by the title; then there are empty round brackets e.g.

```md
[Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()
```
* This is how it is displayed:

    [Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()

* The `Figure-Title` text between the square brackets must match the figure title's text.

**DON'Ts**
* Don't include the figure identifier number.
* Don't use this construct for links to a figure within an `HTML` table.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly when rendered in `HTML` and `PDF`.
* Don't use the word `figure` outside of the parenthesis. Otherwise, the term `figure` will appear duplicated.

For example:

```md
~~figure~~ [Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()
```

~~figure~~ [Figure The protocol stack of the LwM2M Enabler]()

### To Figure From Within a Table

**DOs**

* For links to figures from within an `HTML` table use the `HTML` anchor tag:

For example:

```html
<a href="">Figure Figure-Title</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Figure Figure-Title</a>

* Prefix the word `Figure` to the `Figure-Title`.
* `Figure-Title` is the text enclosed by `<figcaption>` tags.

For example:

```html
<a href="">Figure Client Registration Interface example flows</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Figure Client Registration Interface example flows</a>

* The `Figure-Title` text must match the figure title's text.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the figure number.
* Don't use this construct for links to a figure in the body of the text.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly in the `HTML` and `PDF` versions.
* Make sure that the word `figure` is not duplicated by adding it inside and outside the anchor.


## To Tables

**DO's**

* For links to a table from the body of the text, use:

```md
[Table-Title]()
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    [Table-Title]()

* Prefix the word `Table`
* `Table-Title` is the text enclosed by `<caption>` tags


* The square brackets enclose the word `Table` followed by the `Table-Title`; then there are empty round brackets, e.g.:

```md
[Table Operation to Method and URI Mapping (Registration Interface)]()
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    [Table Operation to Method and URI Mapping (Registration Interface)]()

* The title text between the square brackets must match the table title's text.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the table identifier number.
* Don't use this construct for links to a table within an `HTML` table.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly in the `HTML` and `PDF` versions. 
* The title of the table will contain the word `Table`; make sure it is not duplicated that word.

### To Table From Within Another Table

**DO's**

* For links to tables from within other `HTML` tables, use the `HTML` anchor tag:

```html
<a href="">Table Table-Title</a>
```
* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Table Table-Title</a>

* Prefix the world `Table` in front of `Table-Title`.
* `Table-Title` is the text between the `<caption>` tags.

For example:

```html
<a href="">Table Object Version usage rules</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

    <a href="">Table Object Version usage rules</a>

* The `Table-Title` text must match the table title's text.

**DON'Ts**

* Don't include the table identifier.
* Don't use this construct for links to a table from the body of the text.
* The links will not work correctly in GitHub & markdown. However, the links will work correctly in the `HTML` and `PDF` versions.
* The title already contains the word  `Table`. So that you know, you don't need to duplicate it outside the anchor.

## To External Links
* For additional link types from within `HTML` tables, use the `HTML` anchor tag:

```html
<a href="http://www.openmobilealliance.org/">URL</a>
```

* This is how it is displayed:

<a href="http://www.openmobilealliance.org/">URL</a>
